Sometimes or manytimes the thoughts are lost. I want to dedicate after living like 30.x years to some writing and in process make me a better person. But I genrally
am afraid will that lead to some of my room mates reading my stuff, as if I remember I am always a guy who reads at first oppurtunity other diaries. Frankly my reading didnt effect the other person than one guy if I believe stopped writing and that may be because of someone else. I remember some point written poetically in that person diary that he wishes the other person who read his diary will pass by silently and never mentions that he has read it. I am writing this for myself but if someone reads I wish they tell me as even though I wrote for myself and you still read it you care about me, otherwise why would you read and I get to know that keeping this publicly will still not get the privacy it deserves and may be we can have a friendly chat on some topics which you read

From childhood I never wrote notes for a complete course/class. When I came to 9th it was all about all in ones and we use to have a batch of similar rascals who dont write and our notebooks are all in ones. Used to write in a fat book with yellow pages. I'm still in touch with those gang and I think they all will have a place in my brain and I always care for them. Deepak, Rajkumar, Madata love you guys, my only disappointment is there isn't  a female in this gang:p else I would have found romance in school. Although deepak at the time of writing this came out of cult with SVK (and I am finally happy for you) I suffer whenever my friends get into cult, I always feel I should do something about it but in the end whenever we argue it just makes them prove they are right and be more stubborn on it. There are other buddies who used to write Lakhan, Teja, Gowtham the beard one,but I never got inspired by it. After watching dark I always will be in a trip that if my current self goes back to him and says this stuff he wouldn't have listened. those were the days education used to be a choice for me. Like true choice i used to skip what I didnt like I used to read what I liked. I used spend like so much time on a single problem , write on floors with chalk and I'm confident to crack anything. All of this to be gone after starting few months in +1 and found that education has a goal, and the subject so dry and competitive exams were not a playground its just good preparation and if you need good institute you need to talk. Made many good friends there in kkr +1 and +2 and LT(even in LT I didnt read, contrary to many people out there). I just lost the essense or fun in learning things all to be discovered when Alacriti said lets start a Datascience Team

The thing is Writing is so important. Even if I dont read this. The fact is that when writing these things I should be getting more clarity in what I am thinking. I cant maintain the continous flow of thought which could be even visible if I read this again, but it is better than keeping everything in head. All the notes I write in Mac are never reaad again. Some paper writings were just gone I pity anyone who found them and read them. All the things I save in pockets and other book marks were reffered again but mostly they were ignored than given the importance they deserve. I hope Github givers me a very good way of versioning them and lets see if this attempt brings any successful versioning and refactoring of things 
